Policy and Procedures


As a Scout & Cellar Consultant (referred herein as an “Independent Consultant” or “Consultant”) 
of Wine Retriever LLC dba Scout & Cellar (collectively referred to as “Scout & Cellar” or the “Company”),
 I understand and agree that our relationship will be governed by the terms and conditions herein as follows:

1. Definition of this Agreement. As an Independent Consultant, I understand that I must comply with the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including the Scout & Cellar Policies & Procedures (the “Policies
 & Procedures”) and the Scout & Cellar Compensation Plan, which are both incorporated into and made a part of this 
 Agreement. As used herein, the term “Agreement” refers to these three documents collectively. I understand that I 
 am solely responsible for the means and methods by which I promote and market and educate consumers regarding Scout
  & Cellar products, subject to my compliance with the Agreement. I further understand that this Agreement requires 
  integrity, honesty and responsibility in my behavior and actions with the Company, Scout & Cellar Members, 
  and my fellow Consultants.

2. Definition of this Agreement. As an Independent Consultant, I understand that I must comply with the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement, including the Scout & Cellar Policies & Procedures (the “Policies & Procedures”) 
and the Scout & Cellar Compensation Plan, which are both incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. As used herein, 
the term “Agreement” refers to these three documents collectively. I understand that I am solely responsible for 
the means and methods by which I promote and market and educate consumers regarding Scout & Cellar products, subject 
to my compliance with the Agreement. I further understand that this Agreement requires integrity, honesty and 
responsibility in my behavior and actions with the Company, Scout & Cellar Members, and my fellow Consultants 
in my behavior and actions with the Company, Scout & Cellar Members, and my fellow Consultants.